In Python, you can use lambda expressions to create anonymous functions.
That is, functions that don't have a name.
They are very helpful for creating
quick functions that aren't really needed later in your code.
Later, we'll learn about higher-order functions.
Are functions that take in other functions as arguments,
where lambda expressions become especially useful.
Let's compare the structure of a function and a lambda expression.
Here, is a simple function that doubles a number.
It takes in a number x and returns x multiplied by two,
calling double three, would return six.
Here is the equivalent in a lambda expression.
The lambda keyword is used to indicate that this is a lambda expression.
Following lambda or one or more arguments for the anonymous function and then a colon.
These are equivalent, similar to the way argument names in a function are arbitrary.
Last is an expression that is evaluated and returned in this function.
This is a lot like the expression you might see as a return statement in a function.
With this structure, lambda expressions aren't ideal for complex functions,
but can be very useful for short symbol functions.
If you want to specify multiple arguments in a lambda function,
you can include them before the colon, separated by commas.
Here's a lambda function that multiplies two numbers together.
In the following quizzes,
you'll get some practice using lambda functions and see how useful they can be.